MY PROJECT SUBMISSION:
This assignment will give you an opportunity to create a data and analytics plan for a present day business problem. You have two options for selecting your topic. (1) You may select one of the topics provided below or (2) you may provide your own business topic based on current news stories. If you choose to use your own business topic, please do not share any proprietary or confidential information.

1.What is the business problem you are trying to solve?

Ans. Hello, my name is Akanchha Choudhary and I am the Executive Vice President of Women and Health
 We would like to launch a new product for Women and we want to make sure we promote it in the best possible way.


2.What's the first step you'll take?
Ans. Position a new product with both market segment and promotional approaches


3.What is your approach to developing a Hypothesis? (Include your Hypothesis)
Ans.My approach to develope a Hypothesis is that While current promotional approaches may be adequatenew approaches could be used with the new product line.

4.What data would you collect?

Ans.Data regarding which health product has been sold maximum for the past 10 years and the opinion collected from the women from all over the places regarding the health product they are using and what more they are expecting

5.How would you analyze the data?

Ans.By using Descriptive and Predictive method

6.How would you present the information to the client?

Ans.Create a visual representation of the data outputs and Provide both a detailed report that shows a breakdown by demographics and a visual representation of the opportunity

7.What insights did you develop?
Ans.You would potentially develop insights such as discovering new customer segments in existing markets, or discover entirely new markets. You could also refine existing product offerings, or discover a new product opportunity in a market. You may discover inefficiencies in the supply chain that can be addressed through machine learning and prescriptive analytics.

8.What recommendations would you make?

Ans.Create a comprehensive plan that ties results of the proposed solutions to operational metrics and financial metrics
